deployment/redesign-prod/README.md, before:

## Kubernetes config for landing page prod deployment


### Setup microk8s

```shell script
sudo snap install microk8s --channel=1.19/stable --classic
microk8s.start

sudo usermod -a -G microk8s ${USER}
# restart or make a new shell for the change to take effect
sudo microk8s.enable dns helm3 ingress

alias kubectl='microk8s.kubectl'
alias helm='microk8s.helm3'

helm init
```

Grabbing `kubectl` shell autocompletion is recommended.
If the database is running on the client and not in the cluster, consider enabling the host-access addon: https://microk8s.io/docs/addon-host-access

### Setup TLS
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-an-nginx-ingress-on-digitalocean-kubernetes-using-helm

```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jetstack/cert-manager/release-0.11/deploy/manifests/00-crds.yaml
kubectl create namespace cert-manager
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
helm repo update
helm install cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager --namespace cert-manager --version v1.0.3 --set installCRDS=true
```

### Run Helm
Checkout cityvizor, edit (copy) test_values.yml and apply

```shell script
cd deployment/redesign-prod/helm
helm install -f test_values.yml cityvizor ./cityvizor 
```

To upgrade
```shell script
helm upgrade -f test_values.yml cityvizor ./cityvizor
```

### Automatic deployment
You can use Keel for automatic deployement. By default it watches tag specified in `values.yml` and deploys new versions.

```shell script
helm repo add keel-charts https://charts.keel.sh 
helm repo update
helm install keel keel/keel --set helmProvider.version="v3"
```

### Create Postgres schema

```sql
CREATE USER cityvizor_test WITH PASSWORD 'cityv!zor_t3st';
create database cityvizor_test;
grant all privileges on database cityvizor_test to cityvizor_test;
```

Do not forgot to configure Postgres, so it is accessible from EC2

Commit message:

K8s config file changes. Add persistent storage for server-worker import function. (#282)
Co-authored-by: Ubuntu <ubuntu@ip-172-31-5-158.eu-central-1.compute.internal>

deployment/redesign-prod/README.md, after:

## Kubernetes config for landing page prod deployment


### Setup microk8s

```shell script
sudo snap install microk8s --channel=1.19/stable --classic
microk8s.start

sudo usermod -a -G microk8s ${USER}
# restart or make a new shell for the change to take effect
sudo microk8s.enable dns helm3 ingress storage

alias kubectl='microk8s.kubectl'
alias helm='microk8s.helm3'

helm init
```

Grabbing `kubectl` shell autocompletion is recommended.
If the database is running on the client and not in the cluster, consider enabling the host-access addon: https://microk8s.io/docs/addon-host-access

### Setup TLS
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-an-nginx-ingress-on-digitalocean-kubernetes-using-helm

```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jetstack/cert-manager/release-0.11/deploy/manifests/00-crds.yaml
kubectl create namespace cert-manager
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
helm repo update
helm install cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager --namespace cert-manager --version v1.0.3 --set installCRDS=true
```

### Run Helm
Checkout cityvizor, edit (copy) test_values.yml and apply

```shell script
cd deployment/redesign-prod/helm
helm install -f test_values.yml cityvizor ./cityvizor 
```

To upgrade
```shell script
helm upgrade -f test_values.yml cityvizor ./cityvizor
```

### Automatic deployment
You can use Keel for automatic deployement. By default it watches tag specified in `values.yml` and deploys new versions. Regrettably, Keel does not seem to work smoothly with Helm3, so some work here is still needed.

```shell script
helm repo add keel-charts https://charts.keel.sh 
helm repo update
helm install keel keel/keel --set helmProvider.version="v3"
```

### Create Postgres schema

```sql
CREATE USER cityvizor_test WITH PASSWORD 'cityv!zor_t3st';
create database cityvizor_test;
grant all privileges on database cityvizor_test to cityvizor_test;
```

Do not forgot to configure Postgres, so it is accessible from EC2
